{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17140\viewh20920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE TERMS AND A NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE PROGRAM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO INSTALL OR USE THE PROGRAM
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 General Provisions of Using the Program
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Welcome to Gemini 2 Private Beta!
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Thanks for using our product Gemini 2 Private Beta (\'93Program\'94). For the purposes of this Agreement the Program shall be interpreted as the particular copy that is installed on your computer.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 By using the Program, you are agreeing to these terms (the \'93Agreement\'94). Please read them carefully.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Using the Program
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 You must follow any policies made available to you within the Program.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Don\'92t misuse our Program. For example, don\'92t interfere with Program or try to access it using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use the Program only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Using our Program does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Program or the content you access. You may not use content of our Program unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in the Program.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Permitted Uses and Restrictions
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (a) This Agreement allows you to install and use one copy of the Program on a single qualified computer running the version(s) of the Program for which it is designated. You will need to review the System Requirements for the specific versions of OS X or OS X Server supported by Program. This Agreement does not allow the Program to exist on more than one computer at a time. Unauthorized copying of the Program is expressly forbidden. You may be held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms of this Agreement. Subject to these restrictions, you may make one copy of the Program in machine-readable form for backup purposes only; provided that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary notices contained on the original.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (b) Except as and only to the extent permitted in this Agreement and by applicable law, you may not copy, adapt, translate, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create derivative works of the Program.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MACPAW Obligations
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MacPaw shall provide you as the tester of the Program (the \'93Tester\'94) with a copy of Program and any necessary documentation and instruct Tester on how to use it and what test data is desired by MacPaw. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Tester Obligations
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Tester shall test Program under normally expected operating conditions in Tester's environment during the test period. Tester shall gather and report test data as agreed upon with MacPaw. As it was mentioned above, by accepting this, the Tester allows MacPaw access to Tester\'92s activity with Program through integrated Customer Experience Program (CEP) 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Trade Secret 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The Program is proprietary to, and a valuable trade secret of, MacPaw. It is entrusted to Tester only for the purpose set forth herein. Tester shall maintain the Program in the strictest confidence. Tester will not, without MacPaw's prior written consent: (a) disclose any information about any version of the Program, its existence, design and performance specifications, its code, to anyone other than Tester's employees who are performing the testing and who shall be subject to nondisclosure restrictions at least as protective as those set forth in this Agreement; (b) copy any portion of the Program or documentation, except to the extent necessary to perform testing; or (c) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Program or any portion of it. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Security Precautions
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Tester shall take reasonable security precautions to prevent the Program from being seen by unauthorized individuals whether stored on Tester's hard drive or any other possible kind of memory drives including removable ones. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Collection and Use of Information Privacy.
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Statement for the Customer Experience Program
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MacPaw is committed to help protect your privacy. This privacy statement explains the data collection and use practices for the Customer Experience Program (CEP) reports that are sent to MacPaw when you participate in the program. This statement does not apply to other online or offline MacPaw sites, products, or services. When you use the Program, basic anonymous information about your computer and how you use our programs is collected and sent to MacPaw. This information will help us improve the features our customers use most often and to create solutions to common problems. You can\'92t avoid or deny to participate in the Customer Experience Program when you first install the Program, because in order to obtain possibility to install the Program, you should agree with the CEP and sending information to MacPaw. Participation in the CEP is a required step and cannot be disabled.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 CEP reports generally include information about: 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'95 Configuration of your computer.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'95 Performance and reliability, such as how quickly a program responds when you click a button, how many problems you experience with a program or a device, and how quickly information is sent or received over a network connection.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'95 Program use, such as the features that you use the most often and how often you use Help resources. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This information is sent to MacPaw when you are connected to the Internet. CEP reports do not contain any personal or contact information about you (such as your name, location, or phone number). MacPaw uses CEP information to improve its software and identify trends and usage patterns. We may share CEP information with our affiliates, but the information cannot be used to identify you. No CEP information is used or shared for advertising purposes. Information that is collected by or sent to MacPaw may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which MacPaw or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities. MacPaw may disclose this information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MacPaw or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MacPaw, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of MacPaw employees, users of MacPaw software or services, or members of the public. MacPaw occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, such as providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of reports. MacPaw will provide those companies only the information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Security
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MacPaw is committed to help protect the security of the information we collect. CEP uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect reports from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Changes to this Statement
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MacPaw may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the information we collect. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 For More Information MacPaw welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you believe that MacPaw has not adhered to this statement, please contact us via feedback form, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Term of the Test Period
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The test period shall last from Mar 1, 2016 until Apr 10, 2016. The test period shall terminate at the end of the test period or at the date of official public release of Program or when MacPaw asks Tester to remove the Program, whichever occurs first. The restrictions and obligations contained in Clauses: \'93Security Precautions\'94, \'93Disclaimer of Warranty\'94, \'93Limitation of Liability\'94, \'93No Rights Granted\'94 and \'93No Assignments\'94 shall survive the expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement, and shall continue to bind Tester, its successors, heirs and assigns. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Removing the Program and Materials
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Upon the conclusion of the testing period or at MacPaw's request, Tester shall within 10 days delete all portions of the Program from computer memory. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Disclaimer of Warranty
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The Program is a test product and its accuracy and reliability are not guaranteed. Tester shall not rely exclusively on the Program for any reason. Tester waives any and all claims Tester may have against MacPaw arising out of the performance or nonperformance of the Program. THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED AS IS, AND MACPAW DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO IT, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Limitation of Liability
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MacPaw shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to Tester or any third parties caused by the Program. MACPAW SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT OR TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF PROGRAM OR ANY PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 No Rights Granted
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This Agreement does not constitute a grant or an intention or commitment to grant any right, title or interest in the Program or MacPaw's trade secrets to Tester. Tester may not sell or transfer any portion of the Program to any third party or use the Program in any manner to produce, market or support its own products. Tester shall not identify the Program as coming from any source other than MacPaw. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 No Assignments
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This Agreement is personal to Tester. Tester shall not assign or otherwise transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 General Provisions
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (a) Relationships: Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute either party a partner, joint venturer or employee of the other party for any purpose.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (b) Severability: If a court finds any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be interpreted so as best to effect the intent of the parties.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (c) Integration: This Agreement expresses the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes all prior proposals, agreements, representations and understandings. This Agreement may not be amended except in a writing signed by both parties.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (d) Waiver: The failure to exercise any right provided in this Agreement shall not be a waiver of prior or subsequent rights.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (e) Attorney Fees and Expenses: In a dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable attorney fees and costs and necessary expenditures.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (f) Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 (g) Jurisdiction: The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in the State of California, USA in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The parties waive any other venue to which either party might be entitled by domicile or otherwise.
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}